Added some missing discovery kernel options (#446)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Provisioning_Guide/topics/con_unattended-use-and-customization.adoc

This option overrides it, set it to `ignore` to disable the IPv6 stack.
This option only works in DHCP mode.

fdi.zips::
  Filenames with extensions to be downloaded and started during boot.
For more information, see see xref:Extending_the_Discovery_Image[].

fdi.zipserver::
  TFTP server to use to download extensions from.
For more information, see see xref:Extending_the_Discovery_Image[].

fdi.countdown::

>   Number of seconds to wait until text-user interface is refreshed after the initial discovery attempt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Number of seconds to wait until the text-user interface is refreshed after the initial discovery attempt.
```

> This value defaults to 45 second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This value defaults to 45 seconds.
```

Reviewer: OR
```suggestion
The default value is 45 seconds.
```

> Increase this value when status page reports N/A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase this value when status page reports N/A.
```

Is N/A the exact thing that is reported? Or is there some error, or just a hanging black void that stares back at the user as the user stares into it?

Author: We get this reported quite often, TUI reads status of the background job and when it's not yet done (slow network) it prints IP Address: N/A.

Reviewer: Cool, fine by me if that is what the user will see.

fdi.dhcp_timeout::
  NetworkManager DHCP timeout.

> This value default to 300 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default value is 300 seconds.
```

For more information, see see xref:Extending_the_Discovery_Image[].

fdi.countdown::
  Number of seconds to wait until the text-user interface is refreshed after the initial discovery attempt.
This value defaults to 45 seconds.

> Increase this value when status page reports IP address as N/A.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Increase this value if the status page reports the IP address as `N/A`.
```
Let's stay positive.
